Xiaoxuan
Stop making trouble and look good
Glacier brother, I love you so much
I'm afraid of losing you
I don't know why.
As long as the emotions are with you
I'm afraid you'll leave me with him at all costs
No it took me so many years to do it
Why won't you let it go?
In that case
Let's get married next week, shall we?
I promise.
Congratulations to Mr. Qin and Mrs. Du
Today, two daughters got married at the same time
These two daughters married or Yuncheng's price
That price is the top wealthy family in our Yuncheng.
Mr. Qin, our eldest daughter will marry or not, although it is similar to caring about it.
But it's also a top ranking
The Qin family will thrive in the future
Mr. Qin, don't forget us if there are any good cooperation projects at that time, hahaha.
Come come inside please inside please
Sister, are you going to get married today?
Sister wishes you a happy wedding.
Early birth
You too.
Please eat one
Today must be the most memorable day for you